Add "go-to-definition" instructions to TypeScript docs. (#9198)
vercel/turborepo: docs/repo-docs/guides/tools/typescript.mdx

For [Internal Packages](/repo/docs/core-concepts/internal-packages), we recommend that you use `tsc` to compile your TypeScript libraries whenever possible. While you can use a bundler, it's not necessary and adds extra complexity to your build process. Additionally, bundling a library can mangle the code before it makes it to your applications' bundlers, causing hard to debug issues.

### Enable go-to-definition across package boundaries

> "Go-to-definition" is an editor feature for quickly navigating to the original declaration or symbol (like a variable or function) with a click or hotkey. Once TypeScript is configured correctly, you can navigate across [Internal Packages](/repo/docs/core-concepts/internal-packages) with ease.

Author: ```suggestion
"Go-to-definition" is an editor feature for quickly navigating to the original declaration or symbol (like a variable or function) of your code with a click or hotkey. Once TypeScript is configured correctly, you can navigate across [Internal Packages](/repo/docs/core-concepts/internal-packages) with ease.
```

#### Just-in-Time Packages

Exports from Just-in-Time Packages will automatically bring you to the original TypeScript source code as long as you aren't using [entrypoint wildcards](#package-entrypoint-wildcards). Go-to-definition will work as expected.

#### Compiled Packages

Exports from [Compiled Packages](/repo/docs/core-concepts/internal-packages#compiled-packages) require the use of [`declaration`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#declaration) and [`declarationMap`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#declarationMap) configurations for go-to-definition to work. After you've enabled these two configurations for the package, compile the package with `tsc`, and open the output directory to find declaration files and source maps.

<Files>
  <Folder defaultOpen name="packages">
    <Folder defaultOpen name="ui">
      <Folder defaultOpen name="dist">
        <File name="button.js" />
        <File name="button.d.ts" green />
        <File name="button.d.ts.map" green />
      </Folder>
    </Folder>
  </Folder>
</Files>

> With these two files in place, your editor will now go to the definition you're expecting.

Author: ```suggestion
With these two files in place, your editor will now navigate to the original source code.
```
